echo {} > am/messages.json
echo {} > ar/messages.json
echo {} > bg/messages.json
echo {} > bn/messages.json
echo {} > ca/messages.json
echo {} > cs/messages.json
echo {} > da/messages.json
echo {} > de/messages.json
echo {} > el/messages.json
echo {} > en_GB/messages.json
echo {} > en_US/messages.json
echo {} > es/messages.json
echo {} > es_419/messages.json
echo {} > et/messages.json
echo {} > fa/messages.json
echo {} > fi/messages.json
echo {} > fil/messages.json
echo {} > fr/messages.json
echo {} > gu/messages.json
echo {} > he/messages.json
echo {} > hi/messages.json
echo {} > hr/messages.json
echo {} > hu/messages.json
echo {} > id/messages.json
echo {} > it/messages.json
echo {} > ja/messages.json
echo {} > kn/messages.json
echo {} > ko/messages.json
echo {} > lt/messages.json
echo {} > lv/messages.json
echo {} > ml/messages.json
echo {} > mr/messages.json
echo {} > ms/messages.json
echo {} > nl/messages.json
echo {} > no/messages.json
echo {} > pl/messages.json
echo {} > pt_BR/messages.json
echo {} > pt_PT/messages.json
echo {} > ro/messages.json
echo {} > ru/messages.json
echo {} > sk/messages.json
echo {} > sl/messages.json
echo {} > sr/messages.json
echo {} > sv/messages.json
echo {} > sw/messages.json
echo {} > ta/messages.json
echo {} > te/messages.json
echo {} > th/messages.json
echo {} > tr/messages.json
echo {} > uk/messages.json
echo {} > vi/messages.json
echo {} > zh_CN/messages.json
echo {} > zh_TW/messages.json
